Update Default collector name and Clobber property. (#2660)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-configurations/additional-configurations-reference.md

Our [**App Catalog**](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations) provides a mechanism to create these configuration files using a simple UI form input. Learn More.

## Default Collector Name

Each collector name must be unique. Collector by default uses hostname of the machine where collector is installed as the Collector's name. By default,if you are installing a collector that would have the same hostname as an existing collector, the system automatically appends a 13-digit unix timestamp to the collector name.

## Forcing a Collector's Name with Clobber

> Use the clobber flag as true if you want to delete the existing collector if a new collector is installed on a machine with same hostname. This is usefull for scenrio where a VM is deleted and initiaed again with same hostname. To enable this property true, create a file sumo-ot-clobber.yaml in otelcol-sumo/conf.d , add below configuration and restart your collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the clobber flag as true if you want to delete the existing collector if a new collector is installed on a machine with same hostname. This is useful for scenario where a VM is deleted and initiated again with the same hostname. To enable this property true, create a file `sumo-ot-clobber.yaml` in `otelcol-sumo/conf.d`, add below configuration and restart your collector.
```

> Use the clobber flag as true if you want to delete the existing collector if a new collector is installed on a machine with same hostname. This is useful for scenario where a VM is deleted and initiated again with the same hostname. To enable this property true, create a file `sumo-ot-clobber.yaml` in `otelcol-sumo/conf.d`, add below configuration and restart your collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the clobber flag to `true` if you want to delete the existing collector where a new collector is installed on a machine with same hostname. This is useful for scenarios where a VM is deleted and initiated again with the same hostname. To enable this property, create a file `sumo-ot-clobber.yaml` in `otelcol-sumo/conf.d`, add below configuration and restart your collector.
```

```yaml
extensions:
  sumologic:
    clobber: true
```

:::important

> Using the clobber flag as true deletes (clobbers) any existing collector with the same collector name/hostname, so make sure that is what you want to do. Clobber is effective only before the new collector has been registered (activated) with Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the clobber flag to `true` deletes (clobbers) any existing collector with the same collector name/hostname, so make sure that is what you want to do. Clobber is effective only before the new collector has been registered (activated) with Sumo Logic.
```
